Fast Pair Locator Tag: improve Android notification test procedure (#22321)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/bluetooth/fast_pair/locator_tag/README.rst

      #. Power on the development kit.
      #. |connect_terminal_specific|
      #. Power on your test Android device and unlock it after the smartphone screen is turned on.
      #. Wait for the device to automatically connect to the development kit and read the local firmware version in the background.

>       #. In the terminal, verify that a message appears confirming the firmware version has been read.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      #. In the terminal, verify that a message confirming that the firmware version is being read appears.
```
